# CS235-Group_Coursework

For this assignment, we had to complete the partial implementation of the group’s previous implementation of a retro 2D game. For instance, we had to implement a level editor as part of this coursework. It allows users to design their own level via a ‘nice’ editor (i.e. a Graphical User Interface). A user is able to start a new map, edit existing maps and also delete custom made maps. These maps are playable as custom maps and separate from the original game levels.

We were required to develop this in Java with the use of JavaFX to develop the front-end of the 2D game. We were given the optiom to work on the implementation that this group had previously supplied or to work on an implementation of another group. Our group decided to work on their own previous implementation, but as I was new to the group, I had to further develop software that was unfamiliar to me. This allowed me to gain important experience in understanding the code of other developers and developing on top of their code.

My personal contribution to this coursework was to develop file I/O software that allowed for the correct saving and loading of custom maps for the game, as well as further work on the front-end side that allowed for the correct functionality to be implemented within the map creation feature. As well as this, I made a strong effort to motivate the team to deliver the coursework days before the deadline to ensure enough time was allowed for the fixing of bugs and for the development of a demonstration video. I also had a strong contribution to both the fixing of bugs and the filming of a demonstration video.
